README.md, before:

# Twitter Dark Mode (2017)
![preview](http://share.wojtek.im/vWZU+)

Dark mode override for [Twitter.com](https://twitter.com) to be used with **Stylish**. Tested only in Chrome.

- [Stylish for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjnbnpbmkenffdnngjfgmeleoegfcffe)
- [Stylish for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/stylish/?src=external-userstyleshome)
- [Stylish for Safari](http://sobolev.us/stylish/)
- [Stylish for Opera](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/stylish/)

There are still some things that need to be tweaked, so treat this as an alpha thing.


## How to install

### The Easy Way (with auto-updates)

1. Download Stylish for your browser. Links are above.
2. [Install this style](https://userstyles.org/styles/135366/twitter-dark-mode-2017)
3. That's it 🎉

----

### The DIY Way

1. Copy the contents of [darkmode.css](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/dubstrike/twitter-dark-mode/master/darkmode.css) > `Write new style` > paste
2. Create a rule for *twitter.com* (image below)
3. Save
4. ???
5. PROFIT

![img](http://share.wojtek.im/hJlU+)

--

You can [follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/dubstrike) if you want to.

----

#### If you've liked this theme, you might also like:

<a href="https://rayfeed.com">                                           
  <img src="https://static.rayfeed.xyz/rayfeed-logo-green-small.svg" /> 
</a>

A platform that helps you release successful products by discussing <br />and testing upcoming & existing features with your customers.

[Check it out 👀](https://rayfeed.com)

Commit message:

Set up gulp pipeline & update readme

README.md, after:

# Twitter Dark Mode (2017)
![preview](http://share.wojtek.im/vWZU+)

Dark mode override for [Twitter.com](https://twitter.com) to be used with **Stylish**. Tested only in Chrome.

- [Stylish for Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fjnbnpbmkenffdnngjfgmeleoegfcffe)
- [Stylish for Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/stylish/?src=external-userstyleshome)
- [Stylish for Safari](http://sobolev.us/stylish/)
- [Stylish for Opera](https://addons.opera.com/extensions/details/stylish/)

There are still some things that need to be tweaked, so treat this as an alpha thing.


## How to install

### The Easy Way (with auto-updates)

1. Download Stylish for your browser. Links are above.
2. [Install this style](https://userstyles.org/styles/135366/twitter-dark-mode-2017)
3. That's it 🎉

--

## Found something unstyled or want improvements?

Look at the [current issues](https://github.com/dubstrike/twitter-dark-mode/issues) or submit a new one.

--

## Contributing

_Use 2 spaces for indentation_

Fork this repo then:

```
$ yarn install
$ gulp
```

You can make changes to the *.scss* file. It will compile & beautify on save.
Once you're done, push to your branch and submit a PR.

I'll review it and merge it, then update the Userstyles.org theme.

--

You can [follow me on Twitter](https://twitter.com/dubstrike) if you want to.

----

#### If you've liked this theme, you might also like:

<a href="https://rayfeed.com">                                           
  <img src="https://static.rayfeed.xyz/rayfeed-logo-green-small.svg" /> 
</a>

A platform that helps you release successful products by discussing <br />and testing upcoming & existing features with your customers.

[Check it out 👀](https://rayfeed.com)
